NLB-5919 Inform users of the new nginxaas.capacity.percentage metric (#247)
nginx/documentation: content/nginxaas-azure/changelog.md

To review older entries, visit the [Changelog archive]({{< relref "/nginxaas-azure/changelog-archive" >}}) section.

## March 3, 2025

- {{% icon-resolved %}} **Percentage capacity metric**

>    We are introducing the new percentage capacity metric `nginxaas.capacity.percentage`, which more accurately estimates the load on your deployment than the old consumed NCUs metric. The new capacity metric expresses the capacity consumed as a percentage of the deployment's total capacity. Please modify any alerts and monitoring on deployment performance to take account of the new percentage capacity metric. The consumed NCUs metric is now on the path to deprecation. Please see [Scaling guidance]({{< relref "/nginxaas-azure/quickstart/scaling.md">}}) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   We’re introducing the new percentage capacity metric, `nginxaas.capacity.percentage`, which provides a more accurate estimate of your deployment's load compared to the previous consumed NCUs metric. The new capacity metric expresses the capacity consumed as a percentage of the deployment's total capacity. Please modify any alerts and monitoring on deployment performance to use the new percentage capacity metric. We plan to deprecate the consumed NCUs metric in the near future. Please see [Scaling guidance]({{< relref "/nginxaas-azure/quickstart/scaling.md">}}) for more details.
```
